## Basic Rules
To start the game each player draws ten White Cards.
A player will be chosen at random to be the first Card Czar, and a black card is automatically drawn.
Everyone else answers the question or fills in the blank by selecting one White Card.
The cards are placed in a random order and each combination is displayed to everyone. The Card Czar then picks the funniest play, and whoever submitted it gets one Awesome Point.
After the round, a new player becomes the Card Czar and everyone draws back up to ten White Cards.

##Pick 2
Some cards say pick two on the bottom. To answer these, each player place to white cards in  combination.
Play them in the order that the card czar should read, the order matters.
If the card czar has lobster claws for hands, you can use paper clips to secure the cards in the right order.

##Gambling
If a black card is played and you have more than one white card that you think it went, you can bet one of your awesome points to plan additional light card.
If you went, you keep your point. If you lose, whoever won the round gets the point you wagered.

##Happy ending
When you are ready to stop playing, play the “Make a Haiku” black card to end the game.
This is the official ceremonial ending of a good game of cards against humanity, and this card should be reserved for the end.
(Note: Haikus don’t need to follow the 575 form. They just have to be read dramatically).

##Rebooting the Universe
At any time, players may trade in an awesome point to return as many white cars as they’d like to the deck, and drawback up to 10.

##Packing heat
For pick 2’s, all players draw an extra card before playing the hand to open up more options.

##Rando Cardissian
Every round, pick one random white card from the pile and place it into play.
This card belongs to an imaginary player named Rando Cardissian, and if he once again, all players go home in the state of everlasting shame.

##God Is Dead
Play without a card czar.  Each player picks his or her favorite card each round. The card with the most votes wins the round.

##Survival of the Fittest
After everyone has answered the question, players take turns eliminating one card each. The last remaining card is declared the funniest.

##Serious Business
Instead of picking a favorite card each, the Card Czar ranks the top three in order.
The best card gets three awesome points, the second best gets two, and the third gets one.
Keep a running tally of the score, and at the end of the game, the winner is declared the funniest, mathematically speaking.

##Never Have I ever
At any time, players may describe cards that they don’t understand, but they must confess their ignorance to the group and suffer the resulting humiliation.